Terms & Privacy

FlashBlinkService is a free app. This service is provided by {SCrat_ORS} at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. We will not collect any personal information in this app as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information

We do not collect, store or use any personal information while you install or upgrade our products.

We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us to develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:

    Your prior permission;
    By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
    By requests from public and governmental authorities
    To protect our legal rights and interests.

Non-Personal Information:

We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name.

If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

Information we get from your use of our services:

    Device information: Device-specific information such as your hardware model and operating system version
    Unique application numbers: Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number)

Android Permissions

    FLASHLIGHT
    - The service only use this permission control flashlight, we will not take photo and record video.
    READ_PHONE_STATE
    - The service only check phone state, it will not collect any information from your device.
    RECEIVE_SMS
    - The service only check the moment when receive SMS or MMS, it will not access message content, and will not collect any information via this permission.
    BATTERY_STATS
    - The service checks only the moment when the battery enters the power saving mode and exits it.
    WAKE_LOCK
    - The service that allows the processor to exit sleep mode, only to get the correct gyro readings, it will not collect any information via this permission.

Privacy Policy Changes:

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
Contact Us:

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us. Email：scrators@gmail.com
